feat: improvements on glossary MS Edge (#34157)
mdn/content: files/en-us/glossary/microsoft_edge/index.md

{{GlossarySidebar}}

**Microsoft Edge** is a proprietary cross-platform {{glossary("World Wide Web", "Web")}} {{Glossary("browser")}} developed by Microsoft since 2014. Initially known as Spartan, Edge replaced the longstanding browser {{glossary("Microsoft Internet Explorer", "Internet Explorer")}}.

> Edge is bundled with Windows 10 and Windows 11, and is also available for macOS, iOS/iPadOS, Android and Linux. Edge used EdgeHTML as its {{glossary("rendering engine")}} until 2019, when it was replaced by {{glossary("Blink")}}, the same engine used by {{Glossary("Google Chrome")}}. On iOS/iPadOS, Edge instead uses {{glossary("WebKit")}} as its rendering engine. Edge also provides a compatibility IE mode that uses the {{glossary("Trident")}} engine to render pages that require legacy IE features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Edge is included with Windows 10 and Windows 11, and is also available for macOS, iOS/iPadOS, Android and Linux. Edge used EdgeHTML as its {{glossary("rendering engine")}} until 2019, when it was replaced by {{glossary("Blink")}}, the rendering engine used by {{Glossary("Google Chrome")}}. On iOS/iPadOS, Edge instead uses {{glossary("WebKit")}} as its rendering engine. Edge supports 'IE mode' for backwards compatibility that uses the {{glossary("Trident")}} engine to render pages requiring legacy Internet Explorer features.
```
